TELCODOCS-597:  Adding a local registry to a Single Node OpenShift DU profile (#50904)
openshift/openshift-docs: scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-advanced-policy-config.adoc

* For more information about how to install the AMQ Interconnect Operator, see xref:../../monitoring/using-rfhe.adoc#hw-installing-amq-interconnect-messaging-bus_using-rfhe[Installing the AMQ messaging bus].

include::modules/ztp-add-local-reg-for-sno-duprofile.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/ztp-configuring-disk-partitioning.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer: Since this is a topic that is useful for ZTP use cases beyond using a local registry with single-node OpenShift, you could add it to the ZTP advanced install assembly as outlined here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/53083/files#diff-48ea496dc82a53051e13de9bf557531877d677c8105dcdcb6a357fab8a985ad2

This [version](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/53083/files#diff-c0c2580378cc5e557211fa281f26dbe3efdd1da52e33bc7ef3873f9f10639307) of the module is generalized for this purpose.

Author: Outside the scope of this PR. We can create a PR in the future to address generalizing these topics.

include::modules/ztp-configuring-pgt-image-registry.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * For more information about Zero Touch Provisioning (ZTP) setup, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.html#about-ztp-and-distributed-units-on-openshift-clusters_ztp-deploying-disconnected[About ZTP and distributed units on OpenShift clusters].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about configuring GitOps ZTP on the hub cluster, see * xref:../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster.adoc#ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster[Preparing the hub cluster for ZTP] 
```

Author: Done.

> * For more information about the {cgu-operator-first}, see see xref:../../scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.html#talo-precache-feature-concept_cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager[{cgu-operator-full} for cluster updates]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information about pre-caching images with {cgu-operator}, see xref:../../scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.adoc#talo-precache-feature-concept_cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager[Using the container image pre-cache feature]
```

Author: Done.

> * For more information about the Topology Aware Lifecycle Manager (TALM), see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.html#talo-precache-feature-concept_cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager[Topology Aware Lifecycle Manager for cluster updates].

Reviewer: Use the following variables for TALM:
{cgu-operator-first} > Topology Aware Lifecycle Manager (TALM)
{cgu-operator-full} > Topology Aware Lifecycle Manager
{cgu-operator} > TALM

Author: Done.

> * For more information about the Image Registry, see xref:../../registry/index.html[OpenShift Container Platform registry overview].

Author: Done.

* For more information about how to install the AMQ Interconnect Operator, see xref:../../monitoring/using-rfhe.adoc#hw-installing-amq-interconnect-messaging-bus_using-rfhe[Installing the AMQ messaging bus].

include::modules/ztp-add-local-reg-for-sno-duprofile.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-disk-partitioning.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ztp-configuring-pgt-image-registry.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* For more information about Zero Touch Provisioning (ZTP) setup, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.html#about-ztp-and-distributed-units-on-openshift-clusters_ztp-deploying-disconnected[About ZTP and distributed units on OpenShift clusters].

> * For more information about ZTP policy waves, see https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/master/ztp/policygenerator/README.md#policy-waves[Policy waves]

Author: Done.

> * For more information about the {cgu-operator-first}, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.html#talo-precache-feature-concept_cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager[{cgu-operator-full} for cluster updates].

Reviewer: Use an AsciiDoc xref.

> * For more information about the Image Registry, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/registry/index.html[OpenShift Container Platform registry overview].

Reviewer: Use an AsciiDoc xref.
